[Bakari]
Previously onThe Chi...
[Alicia] You've terrorized
this city long enough.
Any last words?
-Fuck you.
-[gunshot]
[body thuds]
New sheriff in town. ladies.
[Roselyn] Did you kill Douda?
No. it was Alicia.
You lying.
She hated his ass.
and you knew it.
Hey. y'all niggas
gonna report to me now.
I'm not giving you
no more money.
and I don't work for you.
Bye. nigga.
[gunshots]
I'm in charge now.
Well. if you didn't do it--
-No. no. no. please.
-Who did?
No. no. no. no. no. no.
[gunshots]
[Tiff] I'm pregnant.
This is a miracle.
My poor baby won't get
a chance to meet his baby.
but we'll raise him with love.
Look at my baby mamas. y'all.
Y'all know what I mean.
-[baby crying]
-It's a girl.
Look. Rob is right here
with us.
He's right here with us.
[whispering]
We did it. We did it.
Forgive me
for the dirt I've done.
the pain I caused.
But you got to look to God.
get right with him.
And then you got to get right
with yourself.
Whenever I take someone's life.
I go somewhere in my mind.
Where do you go?
I don't know.
but I'm not in my body.
You want me to attend
my own funeral?
It's not a funeral.
It's more like
a celebration of life.
[Darnell] Just want to
thank ya'll for coming out.
loving on my Jada here.
♪ somber music
♪♪♪
[Roselyn]
I know you killed Douda.
And who told you that? Nuck?
As a matter of fact. he did.
I watched him do it
with my own eyes.
-[gasps]
-[gunshots]
Oh!
♪♪♪
Alicia! Oh. shit.
[Victor] Where you at. man?
Tiff had the baby.
I need you to get
to Alicia's house right now.
The fuck?
We can't leave her
on the floor like this.
No. we can't
touch the body. bro.
I'm moving her over
to this couch.
whether you help me or not.
[both grunting]
[officer]
The house is surrounded.
Come out with your hands up.
♪ tense jazzy music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Coolio ft. L.V.'s
"Gangsta's Paradise" ♪
♪♪♪
♪ As I walk through the valley
of the shadow of death ♪
♪ I take a look at my life ♪
♪ And realize
there's nothin' left ♪
[Bakari] Everything has
to come to an end.
♪ And laughin' so long that ♪
♪ Even my mama thinks
that my mind is gone ♪
[Bakari] Nothing is forever.
♪ A man that
didn't deserve it ♪
♪ Me be treated like a punk? ♪
♪ You know that's unheard of ♪
♪ You better watch
how ya talkin' ♪
♪ And where you walkin' ♪
♪ Or you and your homies
might be lined in chalk ♪
♪ I really hate to trip.
but I gotta loc ♪
[Bakari]
Some people leave your life...
♪ I see myself
in the pistol smoke. fool ♪
♪ I'm the kinda G the little
homies wanna be like ♪
♪ On my knees in the night ♪
♪ Sayin' prayers
in the streetlight ♪
[Bakari]
...while others will return.
♪ Most their lives
♪ Livin' in
the gangsta's paradise ♪
♪ They've been spendin'
most their lives ♪
♪ Livin' in
the gangsta's paradise ♪
♪ We keep spendin'
most our lives ♪
♪ Livin' in the gangsta's ♪
[Bakari] Some people leave
your life and never come back.
♪ Most our lives livin' in
the gangsta's paradise ♪
♪ Look at the situation
they got me facin' ♪
♪ I can't live a normal life.
I was raised by the street ♪
♪ So I gotta be down
with the hood team ♪
♪ Too much television watchin'
got me chasin' dreams ♪
[Bakari]
Life comes at you fast.
whether you're ready
for it or not.
♪ Got my ten in my hand
and a gleam in my eye ♪
♪ I'm a loc'd out gangsta.
set trippin' banger ♪
♪ And my homies is down ♪
♪ So don't arouse
my anger. fool ♪
♪ Death ain't nothin'
but a heartbeat away ♪
♪ I'm livin' life do-or-die.
what can I say? ♪
[Bakari]
Sometimes you don't know
if you're coming or going.
♪ The way things are goin'.
I don't know ♪
♪ Tell me. why are we ♪
♪ So blind to see
♪ That the ones we hurt ♪
♪ Are you and me?
[Bakari] All you can do
is be right where you are
and stand tall...
no matter how you got there.
♪ Most their lives livin' in
the gangsta's paradise ♪
♪ We keep spendin'
most our lives ♪
♪ Livin' in
the gangsta's paradise ♪
♪ We keep spendin'
most our lives ♪
♪ Livin' in
the gangsta's paradise ♪
♪ dramatic jazz music ♪
♪♪♪
[knocking]
Hurry up. Pop. I gotta pee.
Man.
All right. all right. Ugh.
Man. y'all gotta get more
washrooms in this house.
It's not my fault you ain't got
no hot water at your house.
[sighs] Yeah. I know
I shouldn't have gotten
that boiler on sale.
It'd be one thing
if it was just you.
but housing you
and your woman is a lot.
Hey. Be nice.
Oh. Sorry. Emmett.
I'ma be real quick. I promise.
♪ upbeat music ♪
What's wrong?
There's too many people
in this house.
It's temporary.
They've been here
for three months.
I think your dad likes
staying with us.
Why? He got his own house.
It's probably hard for him
to be in that house
without your mom.
Well. it's hard for me
to be in my house
with him and his new bitch.
Don't call her that.
She nice.
She not my mom.
Look. I know you're hurting.
but don't be mad at your dad
for moving on with his life.
okay?
I just miss her.
I miss her too.
We can't even get it in.
'cause every time we try.
somebody starts knocking on
our door looking for something.
Schedule an appointment.
I'll make sure everybody out.
An appointment?
Yeah. I'll make myself
available for you.
[clicks tongue]
Okay. hurry up and get
in the bathroom
so we can get
these kids off. okay?
[sighs]
[prison doors click and slam]
[door buzzer blares]
[panting]
This ain't my fault.
[breathes heavily]
Yes. it is.
Look. I just needed
somebody I could trust.
And my dumb ass came running.
Well. we couldn't
just leave her there.
Yes. we could've!
I ain't calling the cops.
I ain't no snitch.
I'd rather be a snitch
than a fucking prisoner.
[whispering]
All right. all right. look.
We gonna get out of here.
-Trust me.
-When?
When Nora tells my lawyer
I was with her that night.
And why hasn't
she done that yet?
She changed her number.
and now we can't find her.
Tiff already told the cops
I was with her that night.
and they still won't let me go!
[breathes heavily]
Fuck. Fuck.
We look like killers.
so that's how they're
gonna treat us. bro.
Fuck!
[panting]
[indistinct chatter]
[grunting]
Papa not coming now?
Nah. he has that funeral.
remember?
Oh. right.
You talk to Victor?
Yeah. he's still waiting
on a court date.
[scoffs]
It's crazy how long
they can keep you in there
before you even get to trial.
They got the wrong brother
locked up.
Reg wild ass the one that's
supposed to be behind bars.
What's going on with Reg?
[scoffs] I don't know.
I stay away from his ass
since he got me kicked out
my apartment.
[exhales]
If it's too hard for you
to stay at Victor's house
by yourself.
you can always stay here.
Mm.
I crash here enough as it is.
-Papa moved in.
-Stay if you want.
We don't mind.
And since Dom and my brother
moved out. we got space.
I appreciate y'all.
but I'm good.
[sighs]
♪ gentle music ♪
♪♪♪
He wasn't a perfect man.
but he was a child of God.
which means he deserves
our love and our grace
as we guide him home.
♪♪♪
The circumstances
surrounding his death
are not to be gossiped about
or to be judged.
We will honor his
contribution to society.
We will uplift his family.
his daughter.
his wife. his grandson.
And we will honor
all the lives he's touched.
As many of you know.
Zeke was like a brother to me.
We came up together.
And many times. like--
like brothers do. we beefed.
♪♪♪
But we--we always
respected each other.
and we guided each other
through our darkest of times.
[breathes shakily]
And I'll forever miss him.
I love him.
And he's gone.
but he's not forgotten.
[sniffles]
[pan sizzling]
[footsteps approaching]
[mellow R&B plays on stereo]
Thanks for making breakfast.
Anything for my queen.
You like the new portrait?
It's all right.
-What's wrong?
-Nothing.
I'm just trying to start
my own legacy.
-You jealous?
-No.
I just don't want to feel like
Rob is always looking
over my shoulder.
Well. I want to honor him.
He is the father of my child.
I know.
You good?
Yeah. I'm always good.
♪♪♪
I just want to do something
to honor their memory.
♪♪♪
I don't think they'd be
too happy about me being here.
Well.
there's not much
they can do about it now.
I guess not.
[Emmett clears throat]
Excuse me.
[chuckles]
Sorry. I forgot you was coming.
I texted you to say
I was on my way.
-I must've missed it.
-Whatever.
-Hey. baby.
-Hey. y'all want some pancakes?
-I do. Daddy.
-You want some?
I don't like pancakes.
I'll make you some waffles.
as soon as the dude with the
random face tattoos is gone.
You don't even live here.
[Dolly] Neither do you.
I heard that.
Oh. I meant you too.
[Tiff] Ma.
♪♪♪
[hip-hop music playing
on stereo]
As long as y'all niggas
stay loyal to me.
you ain't got to worry
about shit.
But what if you get locked up?
Ain't nobody getting locked up.
Same thing I said right before
they locked my ass up.
Don't be speaking negativity
over my life. nigga.
[phone buzzes]
♪♪♪
[laughs]
This guy.
Jordan. what you doing here?
-I'm making a delivery.
-For who?
For me.
Nah. we not doing that.
You ain't my daddy.
But you my woman.
I'm not about to let you get
caught up in this bullshit.
Are you giving me money?
That's what I thought.
Don't call me
if you get locked up.
I won't.
You can call me.
I ain't calling
neither one of y'all.
♪♪♪
Give him his money back
right now.
No.
You know I gotta
support my mom.
Her disability check
ain't shit.
That nigga is reckless as hell.
I'm giving him expired pills
that the hospital
would throw out anyway.
It's still illegal.
I gotta do what I gotta do.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
♪ Yeah. this shit'll go down
♪ Yeah. this shit'll go down ♪
♪ He was tweakin'
♪ Now he leakin'.
bleedin' on the floor now ♪
♪ Yeah. this shit'll go down ♪
♪ Yeah. this shit'll go down
[bag crinkling]
This new strain
really been moving.
[Tiff] Well. good to know
'cause I've been experimenting.
[Nuck]
Well. ain't that hard to sell.
Hey.
We doing this shit
in front of mixed company?
-That's my girl.
-We don't know that bitch.
Hey. don't be
calling me a bitch.
She helping me out.
Be cool. Rafi.
You ain't got
no clout here yet.
♪ I know these niggas fake ♪
Come here.
Hey.
Bakari says she's good.
she's good.
All right?
♪ You know how playas play ♪
♪ Fat man stankin' hella K ♪
♪ Flip work like anime ♪
♪ These niggas don't want
no smoke with me ♪
♪ I swear to God
they in the way ♪
♪ Niggas better slow down ♪
[soft organ music playing]
I'm so sorry about Pastor Zeke.
Me too.
Are you okay?
I'll be fine.
You don't seem that upset.
Everybody grieves
differently. Papa.
It just seems like
his white mistress
was more upset than you.
Well. there's a lot
you don't know.
You could tell me.
You're too young
for this kind of stuff.
He told me a lot.
Well. that was his problem.
He talked too much.
What you mean?
The police--they wanted info
on one of the guys
he was counseling.
Who?
[sighs]
Nuck.
♪ suspenseful jazz music ♪
Was he gonna snitch on him?
I guess we'll never know.
You think Nuck did this?
I know he did.
♪ hip-hop music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ If you got some work ♪
This better not be
another stolen car.
It's not.
♪♪♪
-I leased it.
-[Lynae] With what money?
Nuck gave me an advance.
[Lynae] For what?
For all the work
I've been putting in.
♪ Gotta have someone
lift it up ♪
When you gonna stop hustling?
As soon as my book drops.
[Lynae] You think you're gonna
get rich off that?
-I could.
-What if you don't?
♪ I'm gonna hit 'em up ♪
I can't afford
to think like that.
[Lynae] You also can't
afford this car.
I'll pay it off
when my book drops.
Have you even promoted it?
[Bakari] I've been
promoting it all week.
and I sent out
a bunch of texts.
To some niggas that don't read.
[sighs] They gonna buy it
'cause it's me.
You should've worked
with a publisher.
I want to own my own shit.
So the money comes directly to
me and all the people I love.
I don't know.
You don't believe me?
Of course I do.
I just want you
to be realistic.
Steve Jobs wasn't realistic.
White people don't have to be.
I believe in myself.
That's only half the battle.
You have to be strategic.
You can't just drop something
and expect it to sell.
♪ But I really got it.
'cause when I do my shit ♪
♪ I barely think about it ♪
Are you mad?
[scoffs]
I'm annoyed.
You're annoyed at me
for telling the truth.
Man. whatever.
I'm about to drop your ass off.
Why?
[Bakari]
'Cause I got somewhere to be.
♪♪♪
[Kenny] Now. Maxine. I know
you are upset about Bird.
but if you don't
stop worrying.
you're gonna
make yourself sick.
[Maxine] He has no right
to put her and Jay
in danger like this. Kenny.
[Kenny] Well. you're right.
but I don't think
he did it intentionally.
[Maxine] It doesn't matter.
You should've seen her. Kenny.
crying and shaking.
I've never seen her
like this before.
Things are out of control.
and she needs to separate
herself from it.
[Kenny]
What exactly are you saying?
[Maxine] She needs to leave.
You know. I don't think
that's for you to decide.
Now. if Bird is still there.
then it's because
she wants to be.
What's wrong?
-[Maxine] Okay. fine. Fine.
-Nothing.
[Maxine] If Bird wants
to put herself--
Don't lie.
[Maxine] I will stay out of it.
[Kenny] Okay. good.
How you feel about
Tiff and Nuck?
It's a little weird. but
I'm used to it at this point.
I'm not.
Well. it's her life. and
she can move on if she wants.
So people's partners
just dying.
and people moving on
like it's nothing.
What do you want. your dad
and Tiff to be alone forever?
No.
I just need some time.
Stop being a baby.
I have feelings.
I get that.
but your dad is grown.
So is your ex-wife.
Oh. now she my ex-wife?
Is that not what she is?
I just feel like there's
something else behind it.
She got a ring.
I never got one.
[scoffs]
That's what this is about?
All I'm saying is.
y'all haven't been together
for years.
Do you trust Nuck?
I trust him to be
a good father.
and that's all
that matters to me.
I just don't know
what he's capable of.
As long as Tiff is happy.
we can't complain.
♪ Money. money
♪ Why don't you throw
your money in the air ♪
♪ Fo' you gonna be
the first boy crowned bro ♪
♪ Money. money ♪
What happened to Pastor Zeke?
Why?
Papa's fucked up about it.
He was like
a second father to him.
He knew too much.
Only shit you told him.
In confidence.
Was he gonna talk?
-Everybody got a price.
-Who was gonna pay him?
[indistinct chatter]
The Feds.
Damn.
I couldn't chance that shit.
You took him out?
Bakari. stop asking me
stupid-ass questions.
[Rafi] All he do is ask
Nigga. fuck you.
Hey. y'all two niggas.
chill the fuck out.
Nah. fuck this little nigga.
Stop acting like a bitch.
Stop telling yours
all our business.
Lynae ain't got nothing
to do with this.
Then why the fuck was
she side-eyeing Nuck?
[hip-hop music playing
on stereo]
♪♪♪
How the fuck
am I supposed to know?
This nigga writing
books and shit
and telling his little bitch
what we doing?
♪ tense music ♪
Don't make me kill you. nigga.
[Nuck] Bakari. chill.
I ain't Ronnie. I shoot back.
♪♪♪
This nigga just want my spot.
I don't trust you.
I do.
Trusting him
gonna get you killed.
You need a real number two.
not some corny-ass kid.
Look. Bakari's my number two.
Now. if you don't like
that shit.
go work for somebody else.
♪ Doin' dumb shit
with your money ♪
♪ Stop throwin'
all your money ♪
♪ Stop throwin' all
your money ♪
♪ Uh-huh
♪ He fallin' hot ♪
♪ Fallin' hot ♪
♪ At least that's what
you think. nigga ♪
♪ Tend them fields
♪♪♪
[laughter]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. son.
Hey. Dad.
Go play with your friends. man.
[sighs]
What's going on?
Devante been
getting in trouble.
What that mean?
He got into three fights
in the last week.
Damn!
And he been taking money
from my purse.
-What's wrong with him?
-[Shay] I don't know.
Ever since we moved.
he just started acting out.
I told you not to leave.
Don't put this on me.
So you want him to stay
with me full time?
He needs you right now.
[scoffs]
Boys always need their fathers.
You know. a part of me
wishes that I never
got involved with Alicia.
Romantically?
Professionally.
You know they say mixing
business with pleasure
doesn't always end well.
You never mix
business with pleasure?
Excuse me?
Ah. my bad.
Just trying to get to know the
woman that's fighting for me.
that's all.
You married?
I'm not.
Okay.
Got any kids?
This isn't about
my personal life.
It's about yours.
[Shaad clears throat]
Now. I heard you two
broke up a few weeks
before she was killed.
Yeah. yeah. but we were good.
Listen. I had no reason
to take her out.
Who did?
A lot of people.
Can you name a few?
[laughs]
It's a long list.
Was one of them Nora?
Nah. nah. she's my alibi.
Not anymore.
Wait. so you found her?
No. but apparently. she sent
a statement to the police
claiming that you two
weren't together
the night of Alicia's murder.
What?
No. no. that's not true.
[Patience] Why would she lie?
I-I don't know.
I'll try to track her down
and see what's going on.
Why did you call Victor
instead of the police?
Uh. he's the only one
I could trust.
[Patience] You thought you
could trust Nora too.
No. no. no. He's different.
I hope so.
Were you able to find
the hospital footage yet?
I sifted through a lot of it.
but I don't see a clear shot
of him during the time
of Alicia's murder.
Well. Tiff said he was
with her all night.
Yeah. but he left
after you called.
so that window of time
can't be accounted for.
[bangs table]
[grunts]
Don't worry.
I'm gonna do everything I can
to get you both out of here.
[sighs]
[Todd] Our best bet is to pin
this whole thing on Rashaad.
-He didn't kill her.
-[Todd] How do you know?
I just do.
[sighs]
Well. he's done time before.
Armed robbery.
He could pin everything on you.
He would never do that.
[Todd] It would be
an easy out for him
because we can't
prove your alibi.
Did you look at
the hospital footage?
Yeah. I didn't see you.
Look again.
[sighs]
Do you believe
that I'm innocent?
It doesn't matter
what I believe.
Just the fact that
you touched that body means
that you could be in here
for the rest of your life.
♪ somber music
♪♪♪
[sighs]
Hey. why you been fighting?
Boy. you better answer me
when I'm talking to you.
I don't know.
Well. if you gonna
live with me.
you're gonna do things
differently.
I'm not putting up
with no bullshit.
I ain't ask to live here.
You don't have a choice.
Look. I'm enrolling you
into my old school.
and I don't want to hear
no shit about you
getting in trouble. man.
I don't want to go
to a new school.
You don't get a say.
And the kids over here.
they know how to fight.
so I suggest you keep
your hands to yourself.
♪ hip-hop music ♪
♪ All my life I been
an outlaw ♪
♪ Long arm of the law
can't reach me... ♪
[Keith] Nigga. what you want?
[hip-hop music playing
on stereo]
A job.
I ain't hiring.
I know you got some shit
y'all trying to move.
And why should I trust you?
'Cause I'm loyal.
If you ain't loyal to Nuck.
you ain't gonna be loyal to me.
Y'all ain't the same.
Yeah. we not.
[distant sirens wailing]
♪♪♪
A'ight.
But if I see one sign
of disloyalty...
...I'll kill your ass.
♪♪♪
You ain't gotta worry about me.
We gonna see.
Yeah. we gonna see.
So you gave up preaching
to manage a barbershop?
[chuckles]
Yeah.
This is my new ministry now.
Okay. I hear that.
[laughs]
Um...
I'm sorry about your friend.
I know y'all were close.
Yeah. but we were distant
towards the end.
Mm. What happened?
♪ mellow music ♪
I feel like he lost his way.
and he wouldn't let me in.
[chuckles]
I know the feeling.
I'm sorry about you and Damien.
It was for the best.
He needed to go back
into rehab.
Being with me
was a distraction.
Well. I love being distracted.
Don't even try.
Why not?
[laughs]
The last time we were together.
all we did was hurt each other.
I mean. we were
different people then.
Yeah.
But I'm still
working on myself.
Aren't we all?
I don't want you
to be my new addiction.
I mean. to be honest. Z. I'm--
I'm practicing celibacy
right now. so...
-[laughs]
-No. I'm serious.
What. you trying to get right
with the Lord?
I'm trying to get right
with myself.
I hear that.
[sucks teeth]
So...
-let me take you to dinner.
-[laughs]
-Okay.
-[Charles] Okay.
I'll try my best
not to tempt you.
You love tempting me.
You are an easy mark.
Not anymore.
♪♪♪
[laughs]
[wind whooshing]
-I haven't seen you in so long.
-It's been a while.
I know. How's Fatima?
Thriving.
She ain't gonna let
no nigga hold her down.
I'm not surprised to hear that.
Hmm.
I need your help.
What else is new?
I see y'all follow each other.
How cool are you?
Oh. I buy candles from her.
When was the last time
you spoke?
It's been a while. Why?
She's supposed to be
my client's alibi.
Oh. shit.
Yeah. and now
we can't find her.
I mean. she ain't post
in a minute.
What you need me to do?
Can you place an order
for some candles
and ask her to meet you
in person for a drop-off?
I am not trying to get
that girl locked up.
Nobody's gonna lock her up.
I just want to ask her
some questions.
What if she say no?
Tell her you'll pay double
if she delivers
the candles herself.
[sighs]
All right.
I got you.
I appreciate you.
-I know you do. girl.
-[giggles]
Always something.
♪ Don't talk much ♪
♪ Nigga.
read the closed caption ♪
♪ When I swerve
through the traffic ♪
I told you to stop bringing
this shit in my house.
All this illegal shit we doing.
but this where
you draw the line?
I'm not trying to get raided.
If you do. just say they mine.
They'll be too busy
locking me up.
I'm gonna move 'em quick.
I promise.
I told you not to bring it
in here in the first place.
Jordan just brought 'em to me.
I ain't have a chance
to move 'em.
Oh.
Jordan.
Your supplier?
Why are you
saying it like that?
'Cause I'm not convinced
you're not fucking the bitch.
That's Keith's girl.
And?
[laughs]
So is this about the pills.
or is it about Jordan?
Both.
[hip-hop music playing
on stereo]
[scoffs]
You know what?
Get the fuck out of my house
and take your shit with you.
You really kicking me out?
Bye. Reg.
Oh. you on some bullshit.
♪ I give you all cash.
no change. nigga ♪
♪ Look in the sky
in a daze. nigga ♪
♪ I can't really
tell you what... ♪
You gotta be cool
around Nuck.
I am.
You be giving him
too much side eye.
-I hate him.
-Why?
'Cause he keeps you
in the streets.
I choose to work for him.
Also 'cause he killed Rob.
He also killed Pastor Zeke!
What?
[sighs]
Don't tell nobody.
I don't want you
fucking with him.
-I don't have a choice!
-Yes. you do!
That shit was none
of our business!
You being all uncomfortable
and shit around him
got niggas talking.
Who talking?
Rafi told him
I tell you our business.
I haven't told anybody
anything you've told me.
You better not.
Don't talk to me like that.
♪ somber music ♪
I'm sorry.
[sighs]
♪♪♪
I know how you feel.
I know you do.
Some days.
you're gonna wake up and...
have to remind yourself
that he's gone.
♪♪♪
I did that today.
[breathes shakily]
It all feels like a bad dream.
But I know it's real.
I'm sorry.
Me too.
How are you?
I don't know.
What do you mean.
you don't know?
I just feel numb.
Is that why you've been
smoking so much?
You noticed?
It's obvious.
I'm just passing the time.
That's all.
Well. you used to pass the time
by reading the Bible.
Honestly.
I don't even know if
I believe in that shit anymore.
Since when?
Since my dad got killed.
Now Pastor Zeke?
I just...
I feel like God is mad at me.
He never gives us more
than we can bear.
I think I'm at my limit.
♪♪♪
Papa.
I love you.
I love you. too. Kenya.
[muffled chatter]
-What's up. brother?
-The fuck you want?
Wow. It's good to see you too.
[Victor] You're only here
'cause you need something.
I need to stay at your crib
for a little while.
Nigga. is you out
your fucking mind?
My girl tripping over one of
my latest business ventures.
Good for her.
I'm sure it's illegal.
I ain't doing nothing
the government ain't doing.
Man. don't bring no
illegal nothing in my house.
The crib belong to all of us.
[Victor] Not you.
-I don't need your permission.
-Yes. you do.
Jake watching it
until I get out.
He barely stay there.
Ni--
nigga. I don't care.
I don't want you to bring
none of your dumbass friends
in my house while I'm in here.
Man. whatever.
♪ tense jazz music ♪
♪♪♪
-[Emmett] It was your first day.
-He was talking shit.
I don't know if I'm more mad
that you got into a fight
-or that you lost.
-[Kiesha] Emmett.
Look. it doesn't matter
what anyone says to you.
You don't have the right
to put your hands on him.
-He was gonna hit me.
-Then you tell the teacher.
Oh. don't teach him
to be a snitch. Kiesha.
I ain't letting nobody punk me.
What you gonna do
if I punk you?
You gonna hit me?
You don't even wanna
know what he said?
It don't matter. son.
We said no fighting.
He's gonna be looking
for me tomorrow.
Good. then you'll have the
chance to make a better choice.
You're lucky the principal
letting you off with a warning.
-Can I go to my room?
-You mean my room?
You don't pay no bills
up in here.
Yes. you can go to your room.
[phone buzzing]
Hello?
[operator] You have
a collect call from an inmate.
-Do you accept?
-Yeah.
-[Victor] Jake?
Don't let Reg in the house.
What?
[Victor]
Think his girl put him out.
-Again?
-[Victor] I don't know.
You tell me.
Shit. I don't know.
I stay away from that nigga
as much as I can.
Well. he asked to stay at
our house and I told him no.
so make sure that nigga
don't get in.
[Jake] I got you.
[door buzzer blares]
You at the crib?
[Jake] Yeah. I'm here.
Go in my closet and look
under the floorboard.
♪ foreboding music ♪
♪♪♪
Oh. shit.
Just in case.
♪♪♪
[Riley laughs]
♪ sultry music ♪
D.
we can't keep having sex
in your son's house.
Shit. we're grown.
Yeah. but you also loud.
[laughter]
That's 'cause you make me loud.
-[laughs]
-[both] Mm.
-You know what?
-Mm-hmm.
Why don't you spend some time
fixing that boiler
back at your house?
And then we can be
as loud as we want.
Oil is expensive.
Yeah? It's been months.
Yeah. I know.
Why you looking at me
like that?
[sighs]
I know grief when I see it.
What's that supposed to mean?
You don't want to go
back to the house
because it reminds you of Jada.
That's not true.
Being here keeps you
from facing the fact
that she's gone.
I know that she's gone.
Have you grieved it?
I'm gonna be grieving her
for the rest of my life.
You can't run away from
the feelings forever. Darnell--
Stop pressuring me. Jada.
Oh.
Look. Riley.
[sighs]
Riley. I'm sorry.
I know.
I've been here before.
♪ somber music ♪
♪♪♪
[sighs]
[distant sirens wailing]
[door bangs]
♪ tense music ♪
[wind whooshing]
[lighter clicks]
♪♪♪
♪ soft jazz music
[Bakari]
I...
[sighing]
You can say it.
Say what?
"I told you so."
That's not how I get down.
You said it wasn't gonna work.
I said you needed
to promote it more.
Same thing.
Dreams aren't linear.
They take time.
Fuck this shit.
Let's go.
We still have to be here
for another hour.
-Nobody's coming.
-You sold a few books.
Not enough to make me
a millionaire.
Is that why you did this?
To get rich?
I thought you had
a story to tell.
I thought you wanted
to inspire people.
Can't I do both
at the same time?
Seems like money's
your only mission.
I don't know what
my mission is anymore.
♪♪♪
[mellow music playing
over speakers]
♪♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
-I'll see you later.
-All right. I'll see you later.
You a'ight down here?
[sighs]
I don't know.
I'm sorry about your friend.
I know he was like
a second father to you.
Yeah. he was.
Well. let me know
if you need anything.
[sighs]
Hey. I do. actually.
And what's that?
Ask your man if he
murdered my friend.
Excuse me?
[Papa] I think Nuck
killed Pastor Zeke.
Why would he do that?
They were friends.
That don't matter to him.
You don't know he did it.
I got the information
from a pretty good source.
[Tiff] Who?
I can't say.
Right.
[Papa] Do you even trust him?
-I asked you a question.
-Yes.
What took you so long?
Go home. Papa.
[sighs]
♪♪♪
[Shaad chuckles]
[Shaad]
I'm so proud of you. man.
You're the only one.
[Shaad]
What you talking about?
I had my book release today.
and nobody came.
Well. did you promote it?
I tried.
Did you try hard enough?
I was busy with my other job.
You still working for Nuck?
-Hell. yeah.
-[clicks tongue]
Why?
I want to help Lynae
with the bills.
[Shaad] Nigga. Smokey's
is always hiring.
That ain't enough money for me.
[Shaad] It's enough
to help you get by.
I'm tired of just getting by.
Get creative.
Be strategic.
Man. do something.
We just can't sit around
and wait for our dreams
to come true.
We got to get out there
and make shit happen.
You hear me?
I'ma read your book.
Let me know what you think.
[Shaad] I will.
Hey. Bakari.
You care whether
you live or die?
I don't know.
♪ somber music ♪
♪♪♪
[sighs]
[actor] I want to know
that you're there.
[actor] I ain't never
gonna leave you.
And tomorrow.
me and you are gonna go down
to that goddamn welfare.
We're gonna talk about
this goddamn thing
and try to goddamn
work it out.
God damn!
Can you turn that down?
Well. why don't you
go to your room?
Kiesha and the baby
took over the bed.
[laughs] Yeah. that's
a good woman you got there.
I know.
[actor] It has nothing to do
with aid to the children.
do you understand?
And when y'all finally
gonna get married?
I already asked her. Pop.
She rejected me.
[chuckling] Boy.
that wasn't no real proposal.
I meant it.
Yeah. but you did it
under duress.
I still meant that shit.
Mm-hmm.
[actor]
You must apply for welfare.
[sighs]
[actor]
You must apply for welfare.
Why can't you go to your room?
Hmm.
Me and Riley taking some space.
What happened?
-[actor] He must apply--
-[TV mutes]
[sighs]
I accidentally called her
by your mother's name.
Oh. shit.
[sighs]
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
It's hard to believe
that she's gone.
It don't feel good
to me either.
It's hard to accept.
We ain't gonna
never get over it.
Shoot. I don't want to.
I thought Riley made you
forget about her.
Son.
no woman could ever make me
forget about your mama.
She lives in my heart
and my soul.
always.
I remember what it was like
when I lost my mama.
Broke my heart.
Mine's broken too.
[sighs]
Yeah. you're dealing
with a broken heart
and a rebellious son.
[scoffs]
You got a lot going on. boy.
I don't know why he acting out.
You haven't always
been there for him.
I spend as much time
with these kids as I can.
[Darnell] It's never enough.
You know that.
Look. you got four kids
by four different women
'cause I ain't teach you
how to be anything
other than what I was.
I got to show my sons
a different way.
[Darnell]
Yeah. but the older they get.
the harder it is to teach 'em.
I feel like I'm losing them.
That's why now's the time
to hold on to 'em tight.
-All right?
-I will.
All right.
Hey. um.
does your mama come visit you
in your dreams?
Nah. You?
Yeah.
Yeah. she visits me
all the time.
Why she ain't coming
to visit me?
She will when you
need her the most.
I need her now.
[chuckles]
Just give it time.
[Emmett] What's going on?
Devante's principal
just called.
They found a gun
in his book bag.
♪ dramatic hip-hop music ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I said I met her
on the Internet. Internet ♪
♪ I said Lil' B
tryna find some ♪
♪ She said you know I got
a girlfriend. girlfriend ♪
♪ I'm like. both of y'all
come smoke some ♪
♪ She was short
when I got by ♪
♪ Little shorty
need a stop start ♪
♪ I want your pussy
whether not-not ♪
♪ Y'all can get me shot-shot
♪ Son's tryna fuck for fun ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ For fun. yeah ♪
♪ 'Cause I been tryna fuck
for fun. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ For fun. yeah ♪
♪ See. I been tryna fuck
for fun ♪
♪ Yeah. 'cause I been
tryna... ♪
Get the fuck out.
Oh. shit.
♪ For fun. yeah ♪
♪ See. I be tryna fuck
for fun ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
You gonna shoot me?
[breathes heavily]
I think I will if I got to.
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ For fun. yeah ♪
Do it then.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ I told y'all
we was comin' back ♪
♪ I told y'all to go
and get the straps ♪
♪ And I don't ever
really relax ♪
♪ 'Cause these niggas
don't know how to act ♪
♪ I told y'all
we was comin' back ♪
♪ I told y'all to go
and get the straps ♪
♪ And I don't ever
really relax ♪
♪ 'Cause these niggas
don't know how to act ♪
♪ Put something on his head.
now the whole hood on him ♪
♪ That flowers in their casket
gonna look good on him ♪
♪ We lay in the cut and pop up
when it's time to ♪
♪ I keep that thang on me.
I don't wanna remind you ♪
♪ Man. we livin'
in some crazy times ♪
♪ But these fiends still
snorting up crazy lines ♪
♪ I remember you. you was
number one in the hood ♪
♪ Look at you now ♪
♪ Shit. you just a part
of the hood ♪
♪ Talkin' 'bout the old times
back in the days ♪
♪ These kids
don't give a fuck ♪
♪ You catchin' strays
♪ And I'ma give mine
'cause crime pays ♪
♪ And I hate the hood
♪ Getting' out
is just like a maze ♪
♪ I told y'all
we was comin' back ♪
♪ 'Cause these niggas
don't know how to act ♪
♪♪♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today